* IF Archive Terms of Use

The contents of the IF Archive (including donated games, tools,
documents, and other material) are the intellectual property of their
original creators. They are, where possible, archived and distributed
with permission.

Some material on the Archive includes a distribution license (such as
an open-source or Creative Commons license). Such material is
distributed under its licensed terms. Any material with no attached
license is presumed to be licensed for personal use only.

All ancillary content on this web site (metadata, indexes, and file
descriptions -- everything other than donated files) is licensed under
a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. You may
redistribute and adapt this ancillary content freely as long as you
attribute it to the Interactive Fiction Technology Foundation
(www.iftechfoundation.org).

We prefer that material be donated by the original author or someone
with the legal right to accept these terms. However, we understand
that some IF-related material, particularly from the early years, was
distributed with no clear license or terms. We host this material as
part of the common heritage of interactive fiction. If you donate work
which you did not create, you warrant that to the best if your
knowledge, it may be legitimately stored and distributed by the
Archive. If you are a copyright owner and wish to dispute our use of
your work, please contact us: <submit .at. ifarchive .dot. org>.

Since the Archive includes material licensed for personal use only, it
may not be compiled for commercial distribution. If you wish to
commercially distribute a subset of the Archive's contents, you must
obey the license of each and every file you distribute, and get
permission from the author of every file with no attached license. The
Archive maintainers are not able to give that permission. Note that
"commercial distribution" includes selling games or game compilations
on online auction sites.

This page last updated July 26, 2017.
